# Projects
# CMSE202 Final Project:
In this project my group and I wanted to see if we could use some of the machine learning techniques we learned to see if we could make accurate predictions regarding the outcome of every NFL regular season game without knowing the score. To do this we took all of the data available from every game of the 2019 season and used it to develop a model to predict the winner and loser of every game that had happened in the 2020 season. We developed a basic logistic regression model and were able to obtain a 96% accuracy of predicting the outcome with that model. We also performed a principal component analysis to see if we could eliminate certain features that were being used in the model but found that the more features made the model more accurate.
# PHY481 Relaxation Method:
In this project I had to develop a code that would calculate the electric potential of a 2D box when given certain initial boundary conditions. The method of relaxation simply involves taking the average of all surrounding points to calculate the specific indexed value. Here I had it set up to where you can specify the values on all 4 sides of the box and it will calculate the potential at every point in the space.
# PHY321 Boucing Ball Model:
In this project I had to develop a model that would accurately depict the motion of a ball that would bounce off the ground with air resistance. The only real challenge in the code was implementing the bounce of the ball, which would only want to be calculated when the ball achieved a specific position. To do this I had to take into account the radius of the ball and its position above the ground relative to its radius.

